Privacy Statement
The following statement outlines Stackr's policies and principles regarding online privacy. Stackr is committed to protecting the privacy of its users.

Stackr reserves the right to modify this policy statement at any time without notice. As such, and since we want to always make certain that our privacy policy is clearly understood, we recommend that you review this Privacy Statement periodically to note any changes that may have occurred. Please forward any comments you may have regarding this policy to us at studystackr@gmail.com.

Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
When a user signs up to join Stackr, Stackr will store the e-mail address entered into our database of users. Stackr will not sell your email address to any other company. However, by providing your email address, Stackr will be able to contact you if necessary with information about the Stackr web site. Your email address is primarily used for resetting your password if you ever forget it.
Stackr reserves the right to collect information regarding who entered what data. This allows Stackr to notify the individual who entered a certain piece of information if it suspects that the information is incorrect. If a copyright holder claims that information you entered infringes on their copyright, Stackr may share your email address with them.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information (Non-PII)
While you use the Stackr web site, Stackr may collect information such as what pages with-in the Stackr web site you visited. This information will only be used by Stackr to improve the web site.
Data that you enter for your flashcards will be displayed publicly. Do not include personal information in your flashcards that you want to remain private!
We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our web site. These companies may utilize cookies, pixels or other technologies to collect and use both personally identifiable information (e.g., your name, phone number, physical or electronic address) and non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit the websites of the Digital Advertising Alliance at www.aboutads.info or Networking Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Advertisements
To allow Stackr to remain a free website, Stackr displays advertisements on its pages. Alternatively, you may upgrade to our PRO plan that does not display ads. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Many of the ads displayed are from Google's AdSense advertising network. These ads may allow Google to know that you have visited the Stackr web site. This information helps Google to display "interest-based" ads that should interest you more. If you prefer not to participate in interest-based advertising, you may opt out of this program at google.com.
Clicking on advertisements will redirect you to the web page of the advertiser. The Stackr privacy statement does not apply to the advertiser's website.

Contacting Us
If you have particular concerns about this privacy statement, please contact studystackr@gmail.com
